README.md, before:

# HD UI

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/d7857ddb-766b-427b-8f8c-cfeddb63f4d9/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/hd-ui/deploys)
![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhd-ui.com)
![Travis (.org)](https://img.shields.io/travis/hd-ui/hd-ui)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/hd-ui/hd-ui)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/hd-ui/hd-ui)

[@hd-ui/cli](packages/@hd-ui/cli): .

[@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui](packages/@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui): .

[@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui](packages/@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui): .

[hd-ui](packages/hd-ui): .

## Issues

Please file any issues, bugs, or feature requests in the [main
repo](https://github.com/hd-ui/hd-ui/issues/new).

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute a change to any of the existing plugins in this repo,
please review our [contribution guide](https://github.com/hd-ui/hd-ui/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md),
and send a [pull request](https://github.com/hd-ui/hd-ui/pulls).

## Plugins
These are the available plugins in this repository.

| Plugin | Npm |
|--------|-----|
| [@hd-ui/cli](./packages/@hd-ui/cli) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hd-ui/cli)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hd-ui/cli) |
| [@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui](./packages/@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui) |
| [@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui](./packages/@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui) |
| [hd-ui](./packages/hd-ui) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/hd-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hd-ui) |

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat($vuepress-theme-hd-ui): A theme based on Vuepress for HD UI

README.md, after:

# HD UI

A Component Library for Vue.js based on Element.

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/d7857ddb-766b-427b-8f8c-cfeddb63f4d9/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/hd-ui/deploys)
![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhd-ui.com)
![Travis (.org)](https://img.shields.io/travis/hd-ui/hd-ui)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/hd-ui/hd-ui)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/hd-ui/hd-ui)

[@hd-ui/cli](packages/@hd-ui/cli): .

[@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui](packages/@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui): .

[@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui](packages/@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui): .

[@hd-ui/vuepress-theme-hd-ui](packages/@hd-ui/vuepress-theme-hd-ui): A theme based on Vuepress for HD UI.

[hd-ui](packages/hd-ui): A Component Library for Vue.js based on Element.

## Issues

Please file any issues, bugs, or feature requests in the [main
repo](https://github.com/hd-ui/hd-ui/issues/new).

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute a change to any of the existing plugins in this repo,
please review our [contribution guide](https://github.com/hd-ui/hd-ui/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md),
and send a [pull request](https://github.com/hd-ui/hd-ui/pulls).

## Plugins
These are the available plugins in this repository.

| Plugin | Npm |
|--------|-----|
| [@hd-ui/cli](./packages/@hd-ui/cli) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hd-ui/cli)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hd-ui/cli) |
| [@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui](./packages/@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hd-ui/eslint-config-hd-ui) |
| [@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui](./packages/@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hd-ui/eslint-plugin-hd-ui) |
| [@hd-ui/vuepress-theme-hd-ui](./packages/@hd-ui/vuepress-theme-hd-ui) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hd-ui/vuepress-theme-hd-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hd-ui/vuepress-theme-hd-ui) |
| [hd-ui](./packages/hd-ui) | [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/hd-ui)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hd-ui) |

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

## License

MIT
